Actions for protocols website (#2)
inbo/actions: protocol_check/README.md

# protocol_check

> Dedicated Github action to check protocols in repository `github.com/inbo/protocolsource` for shortcomings by running R script `docker/check_all.R` in this repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dedicated Github action to check protocols in repository `github.com/inbo/protocolsource` for shortcomings by running `protocolhelper::check_all()` in `entrypoint_check.sh`.
```
